Thus far we had a look at two roud guards at Dijk can act the word card and it's neighbored can actual
child guard and a D can de-activate card later in this course in the modules section where you learn
more about the angle or module we will have a look at our routing related questions and also add gardes
again.
But I'll come back to this in this mortal year.
There are still two things I want to have a look at and the first one is how to get some data or static
data or dynamic data once a route is loaded.
Now you might correctly say hey we learned how to get data how to get a parameter out of d u or L and
then use that.
But that's not what I mean.
I mean that some of your routes depend on data they receive either statically each time they are loaded
or they will resolve dynamically.
Maybe I show some examples to make this clearer.
Let's start with static data.
We get our page not found component here.
Now let's say we don't want to use that pansit I will create a new component the error or page component.
So this will be a generic arrow page where the page not found component is pretty much limited to well
for 0 4.
Not found errors we could imagine that we reuse the error page for all kinds of errors or removed expect
Katia's file.
And here in the template now I don't want to outbuild poet.
Page not found or anything like this.
Instead let's say we have some error message which I want to output.
Why string interpellation.
The issue of course is this property doesn't exist as of now so let's add it here let's add error message
Judah's component and we know it should be a string but still what would be the message because again
we might reuse this page.
Now for routing there only is one proper use case you want to target right now and that is that a route
is not found.
So in our route set up here our redirect round here which redirects to not found which Lhotse page on
found component here in the end here I will duplicate this and then commun it out so that I have to
code stored here.
I now want to use the brand new error page component so this error page component which was generated
by Desilu I and for which you should add an import here of course you should have also added this to
your main module if the Seelye didn't do this automatically for you here and import too.
So with this we're now loading this not found page or excuse me this error page.
If retargeting not found route.
Still the issue is dead.
Here we try to output a message which we haven't gotten here.
Now we could reach this page through different hooks but or for different errors but for each error
there is only one message.
So in our app routing module we know that if we have not found route and therefore not found error we
will always display the same error message and we can pass such static data with the data property here.
The data property allows us to pass an object here and in this object we can define any key value pairs
any properties we want.
Like for example our message which is Page Not Found.
Now again you might say if I define it statically here and we will soon fetch it and the error page.
Why don't you find it there to begin with.
Because you might be used as arrow page.
Maybe you got a number out reaching does where we want to display a different error or we have a different
logic in our application which might render this page.
So again it might be reusable but for each use case there is a specific date of the specific message
you want to pass.
Like the page not found message here.
So with dates we now want to retrieve that whenever we load our error page component and 4 days like
parents like we perms.
We need the active route.
So let's inject our activated roud here.
Make sure to import it and an NGO in it.
I can then again ever assign it by using the snapshot of this route and then simply the data object
where I can now access message.
And of course I have to make sure that this property exists and we do make sure because we know we can
only reach just component through this route where we will have this message properties set.
So this is the way of using it with it's snapshot work.
Just like with parens required perms.
If this could possibly change while you still are on this page you want to use your route and here the
data are serviceable to which you subscribe and which will give you this Deda object you're of type
data some dummy data type you can import from Anglo router which will in the end give you access to
your data or in the properties you defined there.
So here you could then also set it equal to data message.
Both would work depending on whether it may change or not.
So yeah both should work.
I will comment out the first use case here but again if it doesn't change the using the snapshot is
absolutely correct or fine.
So with this we should now bind this and therefore if we save this and go back to our application enter
some invalid route here we correct Lizy page not found the static error message we passed with the data
property and this is a typical use case when ever you have some static data you want to pass to a route.
Now let's move on to some dynamic data in the next lecture.